[Serverless] Manual rule run docs (#5589)
elastic/security-docs: docs/serverless/rules/alerts-ui-monitor.mdx

* The date and time picker sets the time range of rule executions included in the table. This is separate from the global date and time picker at the top of the rule details page.

* The **Source event time range** toggle includes more or less data in the table, pertaining to the time range of a manual run.

* The **Show metrics columns** toggle includes more or less data in the table, pertaining to the timing of each rule execution.

* The **Actions** column allows you to show alerts generated from a given rule execution. Click the filter icon (<DocIcon type="filterInCircle" title="Filter" size="s"/>) to create a global search filter based on the rule execution's ID value. This replaces any previously applied filters, changes the global date and time range to 24 hours before and after the rule execution, and displays a confirmation notification. You can revert this action by clicking **Restore previous filters** in the notification.

<div id="manual-runs-table"></div>

### Manual runs table

<DocBadge template="technical preview" />

> Execution details of active manual runs are shown in the Manual runs table. To access the table, go to **Rules** -> **Detection rules (SIEM)**, click the rule's name to open its details, then scroll down and select the **Execution results** tab. Scroll down again to find the Manual runs table. 

Author: @approksiu how's this:
```suggestion
Execution details of active manual runs are shown in the Manual runs table. Each manual run can produce multiple rule executions, depending on the time range of the run and the rule's execution schedule.

To access the Manual runs table, go to **Rules** -> **Detection rules (SIEM)**, click the rule's name to open its details, then scroll down and select the **Execution results** tab. Scroll down again to find the Manual runs table. 
```

I think this information would also be useful in the instructions for setting up a manual run. What do you think about [this](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/5589/files#r1773543804), @approksiu?

> Execution details of active manual runs are logged in the Manual runs table. To access the table, go to **Rules** -> **Detection rules (SIEM)**, click the rule's name to open its details, then scroll down and select the **Execution results** tab. Scroll down again to find the Manual runs table. 

Reviewer: let's use "shown" instead of "logged"?

Author: ```suggestion
Execution details of active manual runs are shown in the Manual runs table. To access the table, go to **Rules** -> **Detection rules (SIEM)**, click the rule's name to open its details, then scroll down and select the **Execution results** tab. Scroll down again to find the Manual runs table. 
```

Author: Added to ESS docs via https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/5631/files#r1773601208.

> To stop an active run, go to the appropriate row and click **Stop run** in the **Actions** column. Completed or stopped rule runs are logged in the Execution log table.

Reviewer: Please change "Completed or stopped rule runs are logged in the Execution log table." -> "Completed rule executions for each manual run are logged in the Execution log table."

Author: ```suggestion
To stop an active run, go to the appropriate row and click **Stop run** in the **Actions** column. Completed rule executions for each manual run are logged in the Execution log table.
```

Author: Added to ESS docs via https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/5631/files#r1773606090.

* The date and time picker sets the time range of rule executions included in the table. This is separate from the global date and time picker at the top of the rule details page.

* The **Source event time range** toggle includes more or less data in the table, pertaining to the time range of a manual run.

* The **Show metrics columns** toggle includes more or less data in the table, pertaining to the timing of each rule execution.

* The **Actions** column allows you to show alerts generated from a given rule execution. Click the filter icon (<DocIcon type="filterInCircle" title="Filter" size="s"/>) to create a global search filter based on the rule execution's ID value. This replaces any previously applied filters, changes the global date and time range to 24 hours before and after the rule execution, and displays a confirmation notification. You can revert this action by clicking **Restore previous filters** in the notification.

<div id="manual-runs-table"></div>

### Manual runs table

<DocBadge template="technical preview" />

> Execution details of active manual runs are shown in the Manual runs table. Each manual run can produce multiple rule executions, depending on the time range of the run and the rule's execution schedule.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Execution details of ongoing manual runs are shown in the Manual runs table. Each manual run can produce multiple rule executions, depending on its time range and the rule's execution schedule.
```

Reviewer 3: This feels a little obvious: "manual runs are shown in the Manual runs table." Maybe omit most of that:
```suggestion
Each manual run can produce multiple rule executions, depending on the time range of the run and the rule's execution schedule. These details are shown in the Manual runs table.
```

> To access the Manual runs table, go to **Rules** -> **Detection rules (SIEM)**, click the rule's name to open its details, then scroll down and select the **Execution results** tab. Scroll down again to find the Manual runs table. 

Reviewer 3: Another opportunity to avoid platform-dependent nav steps. The Rules page is especially tricky because of how they've named it different things in different places, but maybe users would still understand something more generic:
```suggestion
To access the Manual runs table, navigate to the detection rules page, click the rule's name to open its details, then scroll down and select the **Execution results** tab. Scroll down again to find the Manual runs table. 
```

To stop an active run, go to the appropriate row and click **Stop run** in the **Actions** column. Completed rule executions for each manual run are logged in the Execution log table.

![Manual rule runs table on the rule execution results tab](../images/alerts-ui-monitor/-detections-manual-rule-run-table.png)

The Manual runs table displays important details such as:

* The status of each manual run:
   * **Pending**: The rule is not yet running. 
   *  **Running**: The rule is executing during the time range you specified. Some rules, such as indicator match rules, can take longer to run.

>    * **Error**: The rule's configuration might have an issue. For example, the rule's conditions cannot be validated. 

Reviewer 3: Maybe unpack with a little more detail:
```suggestion
   * **Error**: The rule's configuration is preventing it from running correctly. For example, the rule's conditions cannot be validated. 
```

Use these controls to filter what's included in the logs table:

* The **Run type** drop-down filters the table by rule execution type: 
    * **Scheduled**: Rule executions that the detection engine automatically ran according to the rule's schedule.
    * **Manual**: Rule executions that were <DocLink slug="/serverless/security/rules-ui-management" section="manually-run-rules">started manually</DocLink>.

* The **Status** drop-down filters the table by rule execution status: 
    * **Succeeded**: The rule completed its defined search. This doesn't necessarily mean it generated an alert, just that it ran without error.
    * **Failed**: The rule encountered an error that prevented it from running. For example, a ((ml)) rule whose corresponding ((ml)) job wasn't running.
    * **Warning**: Nothing prevented the rule from running, but it might have returned unexpected results. For example, a custom query rule tried to search an index pattern that couldn't be found in ((es)).

* The date and time picker sets the time range of rule executions included in the table. This is separate from the global date and time picker at the top of the rule details page.

> * The **Source event time range** toggle includes more or less data in the table, pertaining to the time range of a manual run execution.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The **Source event time range** toggle includes more or less data in the table, pertaining to the time range of a manual run.
```

* The **Show metrics columns** toggle includes more or less data in the table, pertaining to the timing of each rule execution.

* The **Actions** column allows you to show alerts generated from a given rule execution. Click the filter icon (<DocIcon type="filterInCircle" title="Filter" size="s"/>) to create a global search filter based on the rule execution's ID value. This replaces any previously applied filters, changes the global date and time range to 24 hours before and after the rule execution, and displays a confirmation notification. You can revert this action by clicking **Restore previous filters** in the notification.

<div id="manual-runs-table"></div>

### Manual runs table

<DocBadge template="technical preview" />

Execution details of active manual runs are logged in the Manual runs table. To access the table, go to **Rules** -> **Detection rules (SIEM)**, click the rule's name to open its details, then scroll down and select the **Execution results** tab. Scroll down again to find the Manual runs table. 

> To refresh table results, click **Refresh**. To stop an active run, go to the appropriate row, and click **Stop run** in the **Actions** column.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To stop an active run, go to the appropriate row and click **Stop run** in the **Actions** column.
```

<DocCallOut title="Note">
When a manual run is stopped or completed, it's logged in the Execution log table and no longer displayed in the Manual runs table.
</DocCallOut>

![Manual rule runs table on the rule execution results tab](../images/alerts-ui-monitor/-detections-manual-rule-run-table.png)

The Manual runs table displays important details such as:

* The status of each manual run:

>    * **Pending**: The rule is not yet running. It is waiting to be executed. 

Reviewer 3: Redundant; either sentence works fine on its own.

Author: ```suggestion
   * **Pending**: The rule is not yet running. 
```

   *  **Running**: The rule is executing during the time range you specified. Some rules, such as indicator match rules, can take longer to run.
   * **Error**: The rule has encountered an error during its execution. 

> * When a manual run started and the period of time for which it will run

Reviewer 3: See suggestions above in Asciidoc

Author: ```suggestion
* When a manual run started and the time in which it will run
```
